Greetings, Great King.
I didn't even know that
I had followers in Nidaros-
-before I saw your dedication
in the comment section.
It's good
to finally meet you in person.
"True men meet in sweat and sword,
not on electronic webs."
You've been paying attention,
I see... How did the mission go?
We think the result
will please the King.
The son has risen from the grave.
To give his father back his name.
It was King Magnus the Good's
grave that was vandalised-
-during last night's break-in
at Nidaros Cathedral.
The remains were located
underneath the cathedral floor.
It was one of the few known burial
sites of the early Norwegian kings.
We'll just have
to start without Alfhildr.
People. Now, the murder in
the tunnel, and the investigation-
-of a possible link to the historic
killer Jack the Ripper-
-is the top priority
of this department.
Lars assists them. Jørn and Alex-
-you follow up
on the witness statements..
Greetings.
-Alfhildr?
-Alfhildr...
I think maybe
she walked here in her sleep.
Read the latest news.
The Citizen!
Is the community of Old Norse Faith
behind the vandalising of the grave?
Come see me afterwards.
Good morning, Miss Winter.
I was thinking of...
She came to. Wenche had an extra set
of clothes in her locker.
-She wants to carry on working.
-You know the sleep disturbances-
-that affect some of
the timeigrants, are you not?
-Sorry about before.
-I'm happy to see you're feeling.
-Perhaps you should take the day off?
-No, I'm fine.
-I just sleepwalked.
-You appeared to be rather confused.
Have you considered that it could
be... more than regular sleepwalking?
No.
There's nothing more.
-Where are we going?
-Are you up to going anywhere now?
I feel fine!
The Citizen just got a letter that
could be linked to the Tunnel-murder.
Get a whiff of this one.
It's all right...
-Are you the one who called?
-Indeed.
The abomination is in there, so...
You can follow me.
What the hell is that?
"Dear Citizen, I send you this bloody
piece of womanly flesh,"-
-"to inform the public
that dusk has fallen."
Not to stir things up,
but this has obvious similarities-
-with a letter from
the original Ripper case.
-Yes...
-We must close off the premises.
A team of forensics are coming.
This has to do with the slaying
in the Tunnel of Tears?
-It's too early to say.
-We have heard rumours that-
-the victim
had been mutilated down below.
Let's not let
our imagination run away with us.
That thing is probably just a piece
of steak from some eager reader.
A bird just came.
"The sun shines
on the mountain at midnight."
-What is the message?
-It seems we can expect visitors.
From the distant abroad.
In the office to the right.
Will you update management and UK,
while we hold the fort down here?
Section leader of OPK Harald Eriksen
said this about the speculation that-
-the English police are
investigating the tunnel murder:
We do not confirm nor refute
information that is based on rumours.
Welcome to this workshop.
My name is Gorgosh.
It means soft on the outside,
hard on the inside.
You can call me Goggen. It's
a bit easier for you to remember.
This is concerning structural timeism
in public sector, and the police...
-What did we find at The Citizen?
-A letter.
Most likely from the perpetrator.
It contained what appeared
to be a bloody body part.
-Probably a severed clitoris.
-My God.
-What does Scotland Yard say?
-They're not answering my calls.
Keep trying. We have to get
English police in the loop on this.
Let's start by trying
our way of greeting.
Hi!
Do you have time for a quick chat?
Not really. The case I'm working on
has taken a dramatic turn.
The health services received a note
of concern from the higher ups.
I explained that
it's nothing to worry about.
Sleep disturbances among
beforeigners can be very serious.
It is our duty to make sure our
officers take their health seriously.
-I do. I went for a consultation.
-Really? With your doctor?
With a knowledgeable woman
from the old faith.
The old faith...
I don't think we should pursue that.
So health services don't
approve of me-
-approaching the problem with
the tools available in my culture?
Yes. Of course we do, Alfhildr.
This came out all wrong.
Is there anything
in the witness statements?
We can conclude
that those tunnel witnesses,-
-they are the least reliable
witnesses we've ever encountered.
-What about the CC-TV from Tøyen?
-Sorry, no. Those files are gone.
-Gone?
-But I'll try to recover them.
In the middle of all this, management
decides to hold a workshop.
Okay, everyone.
It's time for the wine lottery!
Today we're going for
a bit of a mead theme.
Of course there's a mead lottery.
This is Oslo Police Department.
I must say, you have
this vehicle all under control.
For a timeigrant, I mean.
Yes, I've had worse horses
between my legs.
-Yes.
-The plan is set in motion.
-That is good news.
-King Olav...
We don't use that thing in the car.
Hang it up.
It's not allowed. It is because
it distracts you when you're driving.
You can't talk, and it's...
-Didn't you have a duty to yield?
-No.
Olaf Haraldsson yields to no one.
Odin commands you to read.
You are not Odin.
You are a weird hag I imagine,-
-because my head has a hard time
getting off the temproxat.
-Respect Odin.
-What the fuck?
-I said, respect Odin!
-Okay. Fine. Fine.
Just drop it, okay?
That book is a dead end.
So, you don't think the library it is
borrowed from, creates doubt-
-about the people who claims
to be from Scotland Yard?
Hi.
-Did you hear from the English?
-No. No, it's a little odd.
I'm starting to get
a bad vibe about this, Harald.
-Sure they are from Scotland Yard?
-Of course.
What kind
of documentation did they present?
Honestly, Lars,
now you seem a little paranoid.
This is a book Rubinstein gave me.
One thing is
that it seems irrelevant.
But what's worse is that this copy
comes from a patient library-
- at a mental insititution.
-Probably a good reason for that.
I contacted HR at MPS.
They don't have a consultant from
the 19th century named Rubinstein.
A Precious Clark
is listed among the staff.
But her phone number doesn't match
the business card she gave us.
Well... We'd better try the
number you have found then.
Yes, don't you think?
Homicide Command,
Precious Clark speaking.
Good to finally reach you,
Miss Clark.
This is Eriksen from the Oslo police.
We need to discuss
a development in the Ripper case.
We need to discuss a what?
Hello..?
Is this some kind of prank?
Your voice tells me you are not the
investigator we were working with.
Could it be a mix up
with a colleague with a similar name?
There's only one Precious Clark in
Homicide, and that's yours truly.
First of all, I would
like to apologise...to everyone.
It seems we've
been tricked by two imposters-
-pretending to be British officers.
Have London indicated
who these imposters might be?
They suspect that they have ties
to that Neo-Luddite community.
Those 19th century people
who hate machines?
-What's supposed to be their motive?
-We didn't discuss that.
Scotland Yard have
no faith in the Ripper-theory?
-No, none at all.
-No?
We'll do the briefing together.
-Hello again.
-Great to meet you.
I'm the real Precious Clark
from Homicide.
Joining me is senior investigator
Henry Black from SO15.
Oh, good you could join us.
Let me again apologise
for this terrible mess.
We received your footage, and we
believe this is the individual-
-responsible for
assuming Miss Clark's identity.
-Could be her.
-She is a timeigrant from Nigeria.
Known by her African name, Adepero
Abeke. She's with the Neo-Luddites.
And the guy
who called himself Mr. Rubinstein?
-We don't have anything on him yet.
-I might have a lead.
The man gave us
a book that turned out to be-
-from the library
of a mental institution.
Have you contacted the library?
Our legal team is making a request
about handing over information.
Keep us posted on that.
Identifying him is a priority.
I have to go on a journey
and need a favor.
I have gathered my earthly belongings
and want you to keep them.
Help my family
if something befalls me.
The journey you are going on,
is it to the lighthouse down south-
-that we conversed about earlier?
I have no choice.
Jack is there.
God has given me
a vocation to stop him.
How do you know
the vocation is from God?
The devil can also
plant seeds in a sensitive mind.
It's from God.
I am certain.
Dad must go away for a while.
Be good to your mother.
Give me one
of those trays with drinks.
And don't fucking bother with
those cocktails. We're just thirsty.
-Put it on the tab, then?
-What tab?
-One more glass, please.
-I can't.
I have to do the cash register.
Farewell.
Excuse me, Gentlemen.
Any of you Aryan cunts
have a bottle opener?
Who are you, a fuckin' jew?
The long eyes are fucking good.
Is it him?
A little fatter than I remember...
Can I have a sip?
Does Satan's ass smell of ivy?
It means no, mush head.
Go buy your own milk
if you're so thirsty.
The package is delivered.
Tip off the police.
What in the Lord's name?
I went for a drink, and I ended up
having a disagreement with a local.
Why would you do that?
We agreed to lay low.
It was a misjudgment, alright?
Here's our local connection.
Examination has shown that
the body part isn't from a human.
-But from a dolphin.
-A dolphin?
I presume that
the sender meant to deceive.
The dolphin's clitoris most
closely resembles that of a human.
You didn't find any biological
material in the letter that-
- can be tied to the crime scene?
-Everything's from the animal.
To sum it up, the conclusion is
that the letter too-
-is part of the Luddites'
information manipulation.
This is a potential PR disaster.
Nothing leaves these four walls.
Not about the imposters,
nor this Jack the Ripper nonsense.
The rest must be travelled by foot.
Can you fathom
why they have abandoned us?
Oh, well. A life without honey
is still a life, I suppose.
-They just arrived.
-Have these removed.
Welcome.
-What is it?
-I saw several black cars outside.
I think it may be an inspection.
Hi. We have
a warrant to search the premises.
Why?
They're not here about the blót?
-It seems to be about something else.
-Found something!
What the hell is that?
No idea.
I spoke to the officer in charge.
They have a warrant
to keep you overnight.
What the hell?
I haven't done anything.
The contents of the bag are from
a break-in at the Nidaros Cathedral.
As you have the key to the basement,
you're the main suspect.
This is not happening.
I was trying to live a normal life.
I don't need this shit.
Do you have an alibi?
Were you at home on Thursday?
I was at an autumn party
at the volva's place.
When did the party end?
The break- in was at night, but
it takes a few hours to drive there.
I have no idea, Alfhildr.
I remember having
some sweets when we got there.
The rest is foggy.
The pills in the Volva's casket
aren't sweets, Tore.
It's ecstasy.
Hi.
What..?
What has happened?
There is something
I need to tell you.
Yes?
We... We should probably
just get this over with.
I...
Yes...
Ingrid thinks she's pregnant.
You think you're pregnant?
Yes, or... I'm pretty sure.
I have taken several of those tests.
An unfortunate piece of news,
no doubt about that.
So, who's the father?
A random person I hooked up with at
a party. A friend of that Olaf guy.
Random person? I mean... Ingrid, have
you heard about contraception?
I fucked up, okay?
That's fine, Ingrid.
We all make mistakes.
This is too modern for my taste.
We're all adults here. We can't
condone such harlot behaviour.
-Harlot?
-This you didn't handle very well.
I noticed straight off myself...
Perhaps you should go
and smoke a pipe?
An excellent idea.
Ingrid, take a seat.
Okay.
So...
Well, how far along are you?
Because you're not planning on
having a baby, are you, Ingrid?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
Yes, probably, but...
I can't do this right now.
-Ingrid!
-Give her some space.
Ingrid!
Ingrid, you can't just walk off like
that. We need to talk about this...
What a pleasant reunion.
We need to talk about Tore.
Police suspect him of
the Nidaros burglary.
-He says he was at a party with you.
-Don't ask me what happened there.
Is there anyone else
who can remember?
I'll ask around.
Now, can we discuss
the important stuff?
I know you think Tore blabbed
about the girl in the vest.
Well...
It certainly wasn't a vision.
-You didn't see it through my eyes.
-No.
It wasn't a vision.
It was a memory.
Whose memory?
Mine.
I was a slave girl
for Hårek from Tjøtta.
I was there that morning
the men brought you.
You were light and fair.
With a brightness
from a different world.
I have several memories from Tjøtta.
I don't remember you from there.
Hårek released me
when he realised my powers.
After that
the road was where I belonged.
Please.
Let me find out what you are.
How?
You will have to let me
taste you down there.
Is this really about witchcraft?
Or are you just a horny lesbo?
The one doesn't
have to exclude the other.
You won't regret it.
My tongue knows more
than any man's tongue.
I guess you can have a couple of
licks, if it's that important to you.
Aren't you going to tell me
what you saw?
I didn't see much.
What do you mean?
I saw your eyes turn inwards
when you where down there.
I know when I have a vision, okay?
I didn't have a vision.
It must be him.
What was he treated for?
-Paranoid schizophrenia.
-I can't say I'm surprised.
It was when I googled the guy
that it really got interesting.
He may have been involved in the
original Whitechapel investigation.
You're not seriously suggesting we
dust off the Jack the Ripper theory?
-You don't think this is astounding?
-It's astoundingly stupid.
You heard the management: The
Jack the Ripper theory is bullshit.
And we made a fool of ourselves,
buying into it. Leave it, okay?
We'll call that the end of
the consultant work for now.
Coming, Alfie?
The Citizen! Man pushed up through
the ice after several hundred years.
The Citizen!
Half price. Buy it now. The Citizen!
Where were you yesterday, young lady?
-Something provoked my interest.
-Is that so?
-What's this?
-I looked at 19th century slayings-
-with a British connection,
and I happened upon a letter-
-with striking similarities
with what the paper received.
To which case does this relate?
The letter is supposedly written by
a certain Jack the Ripper.
What are you thinking?
Do you think Ben Joseph
is behind the tunnel killing?
I normally like to treat my guests to
a taste of my renowned honey.
-But my bees are gone, so...
-This looks wonderful.
So, the arrival files
of the three women...
Is that a part of
the project you are working on here?
I do not intend to discuss details
of my project with local operatives.
Local operatives?
Mr Ben Joseph is new to the movement.
He is not all together familiar
with our structural principles.
I see.
-The Luddites used our printer.
-Okay.
They borrowed
the receptionist's guest device.
Is there a way to find out
what they printed?
-Yes, I can check the log.
-Yes.
Good.
Do it.
It's been a long time.
True. Thank you
for your persistent loyalty.
Until the sun goes out
and sinks into the ocean.